Company		: DBS
Environment	: Linux, Git, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, Tomcat, AWS, Terraform, Nexus,   Sonarqube, Docker, Kubernetes	
Role			: DevOps Engineer
Duration		: Aug 2020 - Till Date
Responsibilities:
Configured Jenkins Jobs for generating Project artifacts.
Configured Jenkins pipeline as per requirement.
Maintain GIT Repositories, Branching activities for GIT.
Responsible for taking the source code and compiling using Maven and package it in its distributable format, such as a WAR.
Used docker containers for launching Sonarqube, Nexus, Ansible, Jenkins as per stakeholder requirement and working on those containers for CI/CD pipeline and for testing purpose.
Integrating Sonarqube and Nexus with Jenkins and maven to execute the test reports and deploy the generated packages to deploy in Nexus repository.
Perform deployments to multiple environments like DEV and TEST environments.
Configuring Sonarqube and generating Sonarqube analysis report.
Configuring Nexus and sending generated war files into Nexus server.
Deploying the generated WAR files in Tomcat server.
Capable of building Docker images such as Dockerfiles.
Good knowledge on configuring and Installation of Ansible using Docker containers.
Documenting all the Build and Deployment related issues.
Working tightly with Developers team to resolve problem quickly.
Setup CICD deployment process for Microservices using Docker, Jenkins and Kubernetes.
Setup latency-based routing in AWS.
Configure Docker containers.
Troubleshooting server performance and AWS resource related issues.
Good knowledge and hands on experience in Terraform.
Setup and managed backup and recovery using snapshot.
Create AMI images critical Ec2 instances as backup using GUI.
Infra-structure development on AWS using various services like Ec2, S3, IAM etc.
Attaching or Detaching EBS volume to AWS Ec2 instance.
Worked on tickets assigned by the helpdesk.
Launching and configuring of Amazon Ec2 (AWS) cloud servers using AMI’s (Linux) and configuring the servers for specified applications using Terraform.
Know basic theory of understanding Kubernetes and understand the components in it.



Company		: Plant fitness
Environment		: Linux,  Git, Maven, Jenkins, Docker,Sonarqube,Nexus, Terraform
Role			:  DevOps Engineer
Duration		: July 2018– Aug 2020
Responsibilities:
Setting up the new build environment for various applications in Linux.
Implementing Jenkins continuous integration tool including installing, setting the jobs and setting up the tool for deployment.
Worked in container-based technologies like Docker.
Involved in installing Jenkins on a Linux machine and creating a Master and Slave configuration to implement multiple parallel builds through a build.
Configuring, Troubleshooting and Monitoring build jobs in Jenkins.
Deploying WAR application on targeted managed servers by using Tomcat in Jenkins. 
Configured Git with Jenkins and schedule jobs using POLL SCM option.
Worked with the development team to generate deployment profiles (jar, war, ear) using Maven and Jenkins.
Experience in designing a Terraform and deploying it in cloud deployment manager to spin up resources like cloud virtual networks.